So, let's now also use the custom hook
for the entered email.
For this, I'll call useInput here,
and we get back this object with all that data
we can pull out and use here.
For example, the value, which I'll assign
to a entered email alias.
The isValid value, which I'll assign to a entered email
isValid alias, we'll get hasError which I'll assign
to the emailInputHasError alias,
and reformat this to make it easier to read,
we'll get the valueChangeHandler,
which I'll assign to emailChangeHandler,
and the same for the inputBlurHandler, which I assign
to emailBlurHandler,
and then reset, which I'll assign to resetEmailInput.
We also need to pass in our validation function
and hence, I'll grab this logic and then again
to find a function here in line, which gets a value
which will be passed in from inside the hook,
where I then return the result of calling Includes At
on this value.
This determines whether this is valid or not.
With that, I can get rid of these two lines of code.
We can get rid of these two lines of code here,
and then here for the overall form validity,
we already are using enteredEmailIsValid,
so that works.
We can get rid of the emailInputChangeHandler
and the emailInputBlurHandlers
here in the form submission handler.
We also of course wanna reset the emailInput
and then here, I wanna use the emailInputHasError field
to determine the CSS classes
and if we scroll down to the JSX code, here I wanna use
the emailChangeHandler and the emailBlurHandler
and the emailInputHasError field here.
And with that, we're using this hook for the emailInput
as well.
We can also get rid of the useStateImport now
because here, I'm now not using useState anymore.
And with that again, if I reload here
this both behaves as it did before
but now with less code duplication here.
Now, we have a working code here
with the help of our custom hook
which we can call and pull out the values
which we need, where all the logic then resides inside
of the hook, and hence our component can stay
a bit leaner and can focus mostly on the JSX,
on validating the overall form, which is fairly simple,
and on handling the form submission.